Who/what/where/when/why/how


What?
I need to start coding but I'm not motivited to do so.

why not?
Because I haven't anchord my mind to inspire myself yet.

What do I need to do to anchor myself?
 Go through the 5W's& H.
Because if you was at work you would just have to toil. Don't work out of toil.



My heart rejoiced in all my labour.
Labor.









Now I need to map out the layout of everything.
Actually, I need to create a concept design of everything.]



















TO DOS:

    What's needed?
        +I need to create a reset function that resets everything when I submit the results.
            How do I reload the component?
            I need to move the array with the map code to a new component and load that in, then 
            change the array that I send to it. The array will reflect the state, and when the statechanges,
            the component will update too.
            Yeaaaahhhhh this should work.
            So I didn't do that but I fixed the code and left the notes in the code

            I need to conned it to the state, then make changes to the state.
        +I need to conditionally render the tiles to start the test along with the results.
        +What is the style I am going with for the results?


        +I need a starting tile and I want to show different images when the results are in.
            +I need to add the default image to render when the test is active.
            +I need to create a system that renders out the images results when the test is completed. 
        +I need to style the results tile with the copy.
        -I need to make it mobile frendly
        -I need to upload it to git hub




count is 1-4 which is the questions positions

I am currently pushing new answers into the answer's array but not as an
tile answer array but as the answer itself.
The last tile needs a completed array that it can send and replace...
what needs to happen?

if there are 3 questions
check to see if any questions have a null
If they do, then do nothing
if they don't, then send answers array for the last tile.


What's happening
I need make changes to the tile answers when a question is clicked.
How is changes made to the tile's answers?
changeValue is called when question is clicked and if it's the last
tile. This changes the value of the question in it's position.


So I need to send an array of all the values when all the answers 
doesn't have a null.
What function does this?
sendAnswers!

sendAnswers suppose to send the final result.
So the problem is with send answers....
what is it doing?
When is it triggered?














what's happening?
Test start design isn't showing the results.
Why?
 Because the results show when the start of the test is false &&
 if the results are in.

But if I have the test to hide the entire thing, then you will never see
the results.

How to fix this?
Create a new const that checks if the new page is true or not, if it is
true, then when the button is clicked show the test cycle.




Focus on what you can have now,not what you can't have now.
The thing that you want is also looking for you too. Its' just 
looking for a version of you that doesn't exist yet.

God is setting up my life, how can I be prepared for it. Saturday
isn't the goal, what's happening next week?
















what's the issues Im facing?

How to display the images...
which image is active?

Create a switch statement within the get results
that filters the response. if  it's a category name
then make true whiles everything else is false.

Create cons for the current states of the images.




I would need a state that checkes if the image is active along with the corosponding css.




On system at a time.
multiple images:
    each image has a state of active or inactive
    when active images loads with css...I need to only change the css
